                         U N I C O D E I N F O
                        =======================

         Tools to squeeze knowledge out of the Unicode standard

 SQLITE DATABASE:
------------------

The directory xml2sqlite contains tools to create an Sqlite3 database
from Unicode’s XML data. You need ucd.all.flat.xml from
    ftp://unicode.org/Public/5.2.0/ucdxml/ucd.all.flat.zip
to live in xml2sqlite. Then run `make db` to create the database
    xml2sqlite/ucd.sqlite .

The database itself contains every field as defined in “Unicode
Character Database in XML” <http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr42/>.
Boolean fields (in the original represented by literal "Y" and "N"
values) are converted to INTEGER(1) fields, codepoints, where possible,
to INTEGER(7) fields.

Where a field can contain zero, one or more codepoints, a TEXT(255) is
used, the field contains then the unchanged hexadecimal values of the
codepoints.

The tools resolve the “#” notation mentioned in TR42.


 THE SMALL PRINT:
------------------

Usage is granted under an MIT like license listed below, as long as this
doesn’t collide with the Terms of Usage of the Unicode Consortium
<http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html>. The name “unicodeinfo” of this
project does not imply any kind of affiliation of the author with
Unicode Inc.


 LICENSE:
----------

Copyright © 2010 Manuel Strehl

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

